There actually is one last quick thing I want to do after generating our first project here.
I want to make sure that we just go ahead and learn how to launch our project with Riak native and run
it in the simulator.
The simulator processor getting it set up for every platform is just a little bit different.
So as we start working on our applications I'm not going to specifically say like hey startup your you
know run this command to run on OSX.
I'm just going to say hey start this up in the simulator.
So if you are on OSX and you're running in iOS application when we get started we're going to use exactly
one command to run our application on iOS and it's basically this right here.
You probably heard already read it yourself.
First I'm going to change into my project directory so albums and then going to run re-act native run
Dasch iOS.
So this is going to build our project launch the Iowa simulator and then show it.
The build process takes the first time quite a good amount of time.
So if it takes a little bit of time to get it spooled up don't sweat it.
But once it gets going you should see the rock native application appear in the window.
One last quick note here.
When it launches the simulator and it looks like it will.
Yep here it is.
So this is a simulator running on our device or sitting on our desktop.
Let me give us a better background here.
Yeah there we go.
Well one very quick note here something that I have occasional issues with is once the application starts
up and we get the simulator here I get it for whatever reason decides not to automatically launch the
out for us.
So if that happens to you if you know this simulator starts up but like nothing actually happens and
it looks like everything else is all done.
You can drag here.
So just click and drag over to the second tab and then you should have your application of albums on
the screen you know just like I have these others on here.
And you can just click directly on albums to get started.
So again if it does not automatically dump you into the application you can just drag on over and click
it to get started.
Ok cool.
So let this finish up.
We'll make sure that it runs successfully and then we will continue in the next section and get started
with our application.